over the kerbs up through the essence
Max Angelelli right now he's talking
himself inside the salad he say build
self-discipline
do not slide the car around the street
corner you got to get the launch down
the straightaway he can bash you if you
slide the car you really have to
concentrate you have to prop yourself
these last two laps do not make the
mistake get everything out of your car
Vincent's Watkins Glen in 2005 since the
SunTrust team has visited Victory Lane
Max Angelelli wants it he wants it so
bad he can't even describe it as you
said Dorsey seen him cry after races not
because they finished second because he
didn't feel that he did his best he did
not come here to finish second but
neither did Scott Pruett and neither did
Mike Rockenfeller
comes around this next corner out of the
hog corner exact same thing in the GT
class the 65 car last tasted the
champagne at Waterloo as well heard the
radio say 23 is going to be looking as
they make the run down into one crew in
his loss to lose ground to Angelo he
when he closes it up in the braking zone
there's the lapped fire we saw flashed
the headlights to this farm but GT car
please let us through I'm in the middle
of a big fight right now he's going to
do indoor C he's going to do it very
very soon he's running out of
opportunities Angelelli will not give
him a spot and they go down that long
straightaway I love it Rocky's gonna
pressure brewed that could be what
that's me
ruin has to turn his attention to the
defending second place as you say that
maybe what Angelelli needs been through
it a good run off of the type or
and up through the esses drills we'll
run him up into the oak tree corner
really people taking as because he can't
help him that the car was fog wide and
let him run to the inside of that Lots
there's GT traveling and run as they
work them through the esses I saw the
cars flash line they'll catch them as
they get up to oak tree through the top
of the esses and traffic could be the
deciding factor on Scott's right there
whoever continually gets walked a little
bit over slows the car to get the run on
the corner you want to clean one though
that might not have heard it too bad
look at the flashing lights he's got to
get this other cheesy fine Scott's got
to run Scott's got some speed right here
he's not gonna give this up no way will
he give this up and that's Porsche right
in front you better be aware of side by
side through this last section of
corners
contact lotta contacted Rocky's got the
loonie rock me to the lane through hog
pen Angela you trying to fight back
Rockenfeller from third to first Angela
Lee holds on to second crew it will
slide to third